The controller currently has access to all the classes inner workings in its functions, and when I added the Command class, references to the controller were added into the Command class, meaning that the
problem was not removed.

In my steps for removal for Inappropriate Intimacy I will use the Move Method, Move Field refactoring methods

I will take the method in representRecord into RecordCollection since the collection of records is in the RecordCollection
Do view records currently accesses the view through the controller. I will take the parts related to view and put in controller, and the parts to do with records and put them in the record collection
Do view options currently acceses information in the controller. I will take the view portions of the function and put them in the controller.
do graphic gender pie chart currently accesses information in the record collection. I will take the view portion sof the function and put them in controller, and access information using RecordCollection
do select records currently accesses records in the RecordCollection class. I will put the functionality for accessing records in the RecordCollection class
do select options currently accesses information from the Controller. I will put the functionality for this in the controller, and accessing view from a method in controller.
do text load does not need to be changed, except for adding a show method in the command class.
do text save has functionality from the Record collection i will put it in the Record Collection class.
edit_ functions all have functionality that is handled through controller, so i will put this in controller for editing the selected record.
on and off functionas all have functionality that is handled in controller, so i will put this i controller for editing the selected option.

In the process of refactoring I will have:
added show function to command class
added displaying of data functions to the RecordCollection
added methods to controller for accessing record information and posting to view
removed references to the protected attributes within classes (such as, selectedOption, selectedRecord)
removed references to protected classes such as Record or Record Collection. Controller is responsible for accessing these
